Add README.md (#63)
rhobs/kube-events-exporter: README.md

exporter is reasonable. After running it for two months in an OpenShift cluster
with around 60 namespaces, the exporter only generated around 500 series.

However, the cardinality tends to grow exponentially along with the size of the
cluster. Thus, we added mechanisms to reduce the amount of series generated and
make sure that all the labels are bounded.

The exporter has flags filtering some Events to reduce the number of generated
series.

- --event-types : List of allowed Event types. Defaults to all types.
- --involved-object-api-groups : List of allowed Event involved object API groups. Defaults to all API groups.
- --involved-object-namespaces : List of allowed Event involved object namespaces. Defaults to all namespaces.
- --reporting-controllers : List of controllers allowed to report Event. Defaults to all controllers.

For example, if we want to only expose metrics about Warning Events involving
v1 API group objects reported by the kubelet in the default namespace. We
would have the following flags set:
```
--event-types=Warning
--involved-object-api-groups=v1
--involved-object-namespaces=default
--reporting-controllers=kubelet
```

## Prerequisites

> The exporter supports Kubernetes cluster starting from v1.17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exporter supports Kubernetes clusters starting from v1.17.0+.
```
